docs: add AGENTS.md and restructure documentation (#524)
konflux-ci/mintmaker: docs/automated-release-workflow.md

| Overlay | Use |
|---------|-----|
| `development/` | Local or development clusters |
| `staging/` | Staging clusters |
| `production/` | Production clusters |
| `base/` | Shared resources referenced by environments |

## Two deployable artifacts

1. **MintMaker controller** — this repository ([konflux-ci/mintmaker](https://github.com/konflux-ci/mintmaker))
2. **Renovate image** — [konflux-ci/mintmaker-renovate-image](https://github.com/konflux-ci/mintmaker-renovate-image)

> [!NOTE]
> For simplicity, this document uses the term "image(s)" throughout, although this terminology is not always technically precise. In some contexts, we are indeed talking about container images, while in others, we're actually referring to Konflux Snapshot CR(s). This simplified terminology is used to maintain readability.

## Controller release

When a PR merges to `main` in mintmaker:

1. Konflux builds the controller image.
2. Integration tests and Enterprise Contract policies run.
3. On success, the image is pushed to Quay (`latest` and commit SHA tags).
4. The release pipeline runs `update-infra-deployments` (script from `ReleasePlanAdmission`), opening a PR that updates **staging** clusters.

> 5. After sucessful upade on **staging**, another PR is opened to update **development** clusters.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. After sucessful update on **staging**, another PR is opened to update **production** clusters.
```

  components/mintmaker/staging/base/kustomization.yaml
```

Example PR: [infra-deployments#11913](https://github.com/redhat-appstudio/infra-deployments/pull/11913)

The update is similiar to the controller image update:

```yaml
images:
  - name: quay.io/konflux-ci/mintmaker-renovate-image
    newName: quay.io/konflux-ci/mintmaker-renovate-image
    newTag: <image-sha-tag>
```

infra-deployments staging/production use [kustomizeconfig.yaml](https://github.com/redhat-appstudio/infra-deployments/blob/main/components/mintmaker/staging/base/kustomizeconfig.yaml) to map `images:` rewrites onto that annotation path.

## Production promotion (staging → production)

When `components/mintmaker/staging/base/kustomization.yaml` changes on `main` in infra-deployments, [.tekton/mintmaker-prod-overlay-update.yaml](https://github.com/redhat-appstudio/infra-deployments/blob/main/.tekton/mintmaker-prod-overlay-update.yaml) runs. The `promote-component` task compares staging and production manifests; if they differ, it opens a PR to align production with staging.

Example: [infra-deployments#11921](https://github.com/redhat-appstudio/infra-deployments/pull/11921)

> Production PRs follow the same review and merge process as controller/Renovate image PRs.

Reviewer: Perhaps it should be mentioned here that production PRs now require additional approval (they are automatically labeled with `prod/needs-approval` and need staging evidence before they can be approved).
